we are the over the long fighters of
the country
hello viewers of you from community and
air that we look for new
movie
yes you probably don't know me because that
can be right
I am now on this channel my name is tim
ingame name is tim here is a lot
timmy 492 what you want and don't make yet
so much out
maybe you know me from
movies and even geo or I do not know
from what
but i will spend a while in kingdom and
starting today I will also upload on
involve your community name
do every Saturday and this is mine
squeak I will forgive
and what am I going to do today I'm going to you
show the arena because I would
never really yes it is a movie
for coming and summer
really the background and not everything
because I have is not someone else like that
built and I'm just gonna leave you
see how that where a little work
until she's more behind him thinking of you
First of all, this kind of arena
yes or no we normally choose the
cemal king and i am not allowed here
sit and what you can do is one
thing
you read that two trade stand after one
so fight if people here are nice
have fought
and yes this winner and a loser
of course if there are no deaths yet
then they must both be on that
two nice ones stand up and then you can have twins
choose from
on you are going to have you know so there
falls that long buy and then they fall
total at the bottom of the lava
so that way also some other people
then can do
I do not know if you look super exactly
there's a room below and I know that
it doesn't work my husband but i go anyway
show
look here you can then step span of copper
close and dead or life that's it
difference
oh wait a minute i still understand
this is the trap door
it's nice that you do n't honor it
take this format watch the prisoner or
she must say the people who go
fight it would say that stand
on top of that they then go through corridors
in the back I will be shown later
they led there and
do you determine when it
fight more starts
of that nice open everything here the
arena and then they can start
and look
span but as i said it doesn't work
completely more
Look Splash Keep one that is
not the intention
even though you say 7 look normal but good
then hear in all these holes
Skeletons and they will work
to do
you say the people who will fight
say go shoot that is still
harder to fight as an extra
hard to come by if you like this
make open set look or everything below
if the shutters open, they fall baptize
so yes we have to fix it again
that is going to do for all of you
I heard they did but that
the spandex will be the one in it
sit normally
the city see the corridor and the igor below each other
back again
so and then I'll go the backside of you now
show where the prisoner and
sit like you sit because
audience to the stands can do it
follow the fight
covered against the rain we too have
that of course we never
I will shawl the sometimes sack bag
welfare
anyway we go to jail
and I'm sitting next to this
look here at this building itself and
next to it are the prisons or
cages
council is not real prison really like that
luxury
is therefore enjoying with you completely
nothing look we have we have cells
233 cells and look then she's in this way
small cell
waiting for them to fight
here a staircase and here a staircase to
above
just do this for a moment and then you
walking position with surveillance
or without the man does n't get much out
as long as you walk on
walk here look this is one
possible way out
yes or you can put them in four
the guard actually say yes and then
of pleasure
well that seems nice of course
show
and that so beautiful the arena jealousy
contradictory places closed
it was kind of like sitting around
arena background
she is simply more than just
fight a little and well you
thank you for looking i was not already
too long video but still it as one
so start thank you for watching and see you
the next time